Another reef of North Korea's denuclearization negotiations in the Biden Era
We have observed that there is a large difference in perspective between the two sides in the concept of “denuclearization of the Korean Peninsula (Korean Peninsula)” through the process of nuclear negotiations between the US and North Korea. While the United States insisted on North Korea's denuclearization, North Korea has also questioned the United States' provision of nuclear umbrellas and strategic assets to South Korea. Therefore, even in the most rudimentary concept of denuclearization, the possibility of success in nuclear negotiations has been evaluated to be very low because both sides have shown disagreements.
However, the nuclear negotiations seem to have entered a new phase, as the United States finally presented a concrete proposal to the North for North Korea's denuclearization through the Hanoi talks in late February. Although the Hanoi talks were broken down, they were evaluated as a fortunate talks among the misfortunes in that they provided an opportunity to further confirm the North's intentions on denuclearization.
Currently, the US is waiting for a response from the North to the US proposal, and depending on the position of the North
It seems that it will be decided whether or not to resume nuclear negotiations. However, even if the negotiations resume as North Korea has shown a somewhat advanced position on the US proposal, future negotiations are expected to face many difficulties.
Among them, the reef, which is expected to be the biggest obstacle, is thought to be the issue of system security for North Korea. This is because the key elements of the nuclear negotiations between the US and North Korea consist of a trade-off between denuclearization and system security, and the US is pursuing negotiations in a so-called “big deal”.
Discussions on the issue of securing North Korea's system security have not yet begun in earnest, but there seems to be a big difference in position between the US and North Korea on this issue as well.
Then, what are the North Korean thoughts and positions on the issue of system security?
Until now, North Korea has not disclosed any specific position or details on the issue of securing system security.
Perhaps they are deliberately hiding their position at a strategic level in case this matter hits the bargaining table.
Until now, North Korea has argued that all policies or actions that oppose and hostile North Korea through statements such as Jopyeongtong's statement, the Korean Central News Agency commentary, and the labor newspaper editorials harm the security of the system. As examples of this, we have exemplified joint military exercises between the United States and the United States, the development of strategic assets on the Korean peninsula, and sanctions against North Korea through the UN Security Council. .
This logic is also a point that implies that North Korea's withdrawal of US forces in Korea is their ultimate goal to ensure system security.
On the other hand, the United States is thought to be in mind as a system security guarantee for North Korea, such as the replacement of the North Korean regime or the pursuit of the collapse of the regime, lifting of sanctions against the North, large-scale government support, and improvement of US-North Korea relations. Furthermore, if North Korea proceeds to an irreversible level of denuclearization based on the FFVD principle, it seems that the current armistice agreement is replaced with a peace agreement and an international security guarantee system for North Korea is also considered.
Although North Korea's systemic safety goal is aimed at withdrawing US troops in Korea, it remains to be seen whether North Korea will show interest in improving relations with the United States, economic support, or preparing international security measures. Rather, it is expected that if denuclearization and system security issues become full-fledged in the form of a big deal, North Korea will persistently demand the withdrawal of US forces in Korea as the main object of securing system security.
In this regard, right after the breakdown of the Hanoi talks, North Korean Foreign Minister Lee Yong-ho made a meaningful remark at a press conference. Foreign Minister Lee said, “The important issue for us is security guarantees, but we believe that the US will still be burdened, so we proposed a partial lift of sanctions as a countermeasure (for the destruction of the Yongbyon nuclear).” I am curious about the safety measures that are still burdensome for the United States, and I hope that the North Korean side will quickly reveal its insides.
Next, it should be noted that there are fundamental issues that external countries cannot involve or resolve in the measures to ensure system security for North Korea. In general, the security of a country's system has been threatened more by internal factors than by external factors. The political system of a country appears mainly when legitimacy collapses, and so far, dictatorships on the planet have been replaced or collapsed in the form of military coups, popular revolutions, and civil wars.
Therefore, in order for a country to firmly defend its system, it has its own responsibility, which means that efforts to continuously improve human rights and people's lives and quality through internal reform measures must be accompanied. If the North Korean side has such internal issues in mind in ensuring system security, this cannot be a subject of discussion and should be rejected.
North Korea has repeatedly argued that there is no need to possess nuclear weapons if system security is guaranteed. Since there has been some sort of secret agreement with North Korea, China and Russia have also actively defended the position of North Korea with its idiosyncrasies. Even some of our government's high-ranking and social leaders have forgotten the security reality facing our country and took the attitude that North Korea's nuclear development makes sense and that even if North Korea possesses nuclear weapons, there is no other danger to our security .
However, as described above, North Korea's double line of withdrawal of US troops in Korea, which is the biggest risk to our security, is the biggest risk to our security. I think I have to go out.
Considering the profound impact and ripple effect this issue will have on our security, it is necessary to prepare a precautionary measure from now on.
First of all, with the academic and media circles as the main focus, what does the problem of ensuring system security in North Korea mean?
The forum should be actively opened to analyze and review what North Korea's intentions are. Only then will each Korean people know what the core of the problem is, and they will have an awareness of our security.
As our government, we must closely consult with the US administration on this issue and come up with a joint response plan.
It should also do its best to grasp the related North Korean trend.
In a recent survey by a leading domestic media outlet, it was found that they supported the presence of US troops in the state of North Korean nuclear possession more than the denuclearization of North Korea when US forces in Korea withdrew. This is thought to be a result of reflecting the security significance and value of the presence of US forces in Korea that most of the Korean people feel.
The guarantee of system security for North Korea should not be spread to the situation where the Korean system is inverted.
